=head1 PerlVision

A long time ago, Ashish needed a simple text mode GUI framework to use for the
Linux console. At the time, he couldn't find any Perl GUI modules, so out of
necessity PerlVision was created, which kept growing as he added more and more
features, so now it's anything other than a simple gimmick...

PerlVision provides, in Ashish's view, 90% of the features one would want in a
user interface, including checkboxes, radio buttons (in three different types !)
of pushbuttons, list boxes for single and multiple selections, an expandable
edit box, a scrollable viewbox, single-line text entry boxes, a menu bar with
pull-down menus, and full popup dialog boxes with multiple controls.


=head2 INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install


=head2 DEMO PROGRAM

The Perl file "rap" is used for demonstration purposes and is a full program at
the same time.

RAP (Rap Ain't Pico) is a small text editor provided as an example of how to
code using PerlVision and what PerlVision programs look like. If you'd like to
provide RAP as an editor on your system for inexperienced users, just great!
They'll get used to emacs keybindings for basic stuff and won't find it
intimidating to move to the mother of all editors later. ;-)

Ashish used RAP as a pico replacement on his system at the time the program was
created.


=head2 SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc PV

You can also look for information at:

    GitHub's issues tracker (please report bugs here!)
        https://github.com/brickpool/PerlVision/issues

    GitHub
        https://github.com/brickpool/PerlVision

    Search CPAN
        https://metacpan.org/dist/PerlVision


=head2 MAINTENANCE

J. Schneider (that's me) maintains the PerlVision module. I don't actually 
know much about it and mainly act as a coordinator. Feel free to report bugs 
to me and ask technical questions. If you have a correction or improvement, 
I will try to incorporate it into the package immediately.

Use the GitHub issues tracker. Do not use the CPAN bug database to report a 
bug. It's more work for both parties, and I won't know that an issue has been 
reported unless I happen to look.

=head2 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

This software is Copyright (c) 1995-2000 by Ashish Gulhati.

This is free software, licensed under:

    The Artistic License (see the License file which comes with this Kit)
